So now, we're gonna segment to
an area called Ask a manager.
And we're gonna interview a more
senior manager, Ryan, and
talk about his path into how did he get
into management or his motivations.
Let's hear from a real experienced manager
who's been doing this for over ten years,
Ryan Burgess.
So, Ryan, how did you get into management?
I feel like, Jem, you talked about
how you got into management.
I feel like you had a more thoughtful
approach on it, than I did.
I did think about it in my career as,
maybe that's a possibility at some point
in time, but it wasn't super thoughtful.
It was me showing up one day, being
a frontend lead engineer on the team and
showing up the one-day going, being told
you are now the leader of this team,
you are now managing everyone.
A leader had left the company that day and
now I was the new manager.
So I was thrown right into it.
I didn't know really what
to do at that time and
it was a little bit
different of experience.
I wish I had a little more
thoughtful of approach.
>> It's a common story for
a lot of engineering managers,
the accidental approach.
So I guess since you're kind of
more of a accidentally get into it,
were there any motivations then?
And what are your motivations now?
>> Yeah, I think like even my
motivations then, I'd had a taste for
it as being more of a lead, right?
I was still coding and I was still maybe
thinking more broadly about the deep
technical things, but definitely was
dealing more with people at times.
And I think even in other work that I'd
done prior to being at the startup,
I was working at agencies,
where I was working with a lot of clients.
And I started to get this taste
of how to deal with people more,
and so I started to really enjoy that.
And so my motivation then was, yeah,
it seems like a great challenge.
And I don't think my
motivation today has changed.
Like you said, it's not the money,
it's not all the prestige.
I don't get those types of things.
It's more that I enjoy dealing with
some of the people challenges and
thinking more strategic
at that higher level.
You give up the coding though, which is
always something that I've struggled with
because that's what I started in this
industry for is I love to build things.
And so you're building things
in a little bit different way.
You're playing a different role,
like you said.
>> I like that perspective of
you're still building things.
You're just not writing
code directly anymore.
How was becoming a manager change
your view of technology in general?
You talked a little bit about that,
but it has it changed at all?
>> Yeah, it definitely has.
You kind of make me think
back to being an engineer.
I cared a lot about, yeah,
maybe it was tabs versus spaces or
cared really about certain frameworks or
tools that made my life easier.
And you'd have those debates and
conversations with other engineers,
and it was really always interesting
to have those discussions.
I still enjoy those as a manager,
but less so.
I'm thinking more about, all right,
cool that is a cool new framework, but
should we invest in that,
what does that get us in the future?
What's the cost to migrate that?
What are the pain points that we're
currently facing that makes us want to
move to that?
It's not just, yeah, that would be really
cool if we moved to that new framework and
every other company is doing it.
It's is it really valuable for us?
My perspective has definitely
changed in my thinking around that.
It's more, yeah,
what's the impact to the business?
What's the impact to our team and
what value are we getting out of it?
>> Yeah, I like that,
thinking about the impact.
All right, thank you, Ryan.
Thanks for providing your more
senior experience, but yeah.
>> Thanks, Jem.